2022-09-cab-minutes (#424)
openforcefield/openforcefield.org: content/minutes/cab/2022-09-21-minutes.md

#### OpenFF "micro workshop series" - Genentech

* B. Swope presented the results obtained at Genentech as a foundation for important feedback on Sage (OpenFF-2.0.0). In addition to pointing out positives and negatives, he suggested directions that could add value in a relevant way to his research. These would be:

	- Charge model options
	- Virtual sites
	- Paramenters tuned for use with better water models
	- (Limited) polarizability

> All his suggestions were taken into account and the OpenFF team will start a process of analyzing the possibilities with the interest of addressing as many demands and requests as possible.

Reviewer: This sentence is weirdly worded ("demands" is a stronger term than really fits here). 

```suggestion
The OpenFF team gratefully welcomed his feedback and guidance, and looks forward to hearing from more industry partners in future meetings. 
```

#### Interchange reliability target

* J. Wagner announced that the OpenFF team is looking at how to scope Interchange conversion functionality. He then asked about the level of reliability we should aim for, offering some example scenarios. Advisory board members engaged in offering their insights and now the OpenFF team is clear on what to look for.

#### Permissible effort to maintain external projects

> * J. Wagner announced that the OpenFF team spends part of its time in the maintenance of software essential to the functioning of the software we produce. He then questioned the advisory board about this, asked about incentive problems that should be avoided, and requested suggestions on how to better coordinate with other projects. Board members pointed out that they do not see any problem as this practice is somewhat unavoidable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* J. Wagner announced that the OpenFF infrastructure team is projected to spend 5-10% of its time on the maintenance of other open-source software essential to the functioning of the software we produce. He then questioned the advisory board about this, asked about incentive problems that should be avoided, and requested suggestions on how to better coordinate with other projects. Board members pointed out that they do not see any problem as this practice is somewhat unavoidable.
```
